Renaming workflow to program (#87)
timewave-computer/valence-protocol: contracts/program-registry/README.md

# Program registry

> This contract is a registry of all the program we instantiated.
> 
> This should allow our manager to "lock" and id and store the full program config in the registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contract is a registry of all the programs we instantiated.

This should allow our manager to "lock" an id and store the program config in the registry.

Library specific config are not stored in the registry, but can be queried from the specific library contract.
```
